The ADE Eval software package is distributed bundled with at least one
supporting software package. The following license applies to the
distribution bundle and all its subdirectories, with the exception of
the open source component noted below: 

At the request of the U.S. Government, The MITRE Corporation ("MITRE")
is providing the materials on this website for certain limited
purposes. By clicking "I AGREE" below You (the individual or legal
entity exercising permissions granted herein) agree to the following
terms of use. Conditioned on your following these terms, MITRE grants
to You a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free
license to use the ADE Eval software package, the annotated training
datasets, data annotation guidelines, and other associated
documentation in electronic and paper form (the "Licensed Materials")
solely for use in analysis and development of technology for detecting
adverse events in drug labels (the "Limited Purpose") and under the
conditions specified in this limited license (the "Agreement").  No
other rights, title, or interest are granted to You under this
Agreement.  

If You use the Licensed Materials, MITRE may ask You to participate in
MITRE's technology evaluation program for these Licensed
Materials. MITRE may ask You to share results of Your analysis of the
Licensed Materials and technical descriptions of Your analysis
process. MITRE may also ask You to provide reasonable support to MITRE
in answering requests for information from its U.S. Government
sponsors. However, Your participation in the technology evaluation is
completely voluntary. Notwithstanding this Agreement or any
non-disclosure agreements that may exist between You and MITRE,
nothing shall restrict or otherwise limit MITRE's ability to provide
information or materials received from You to its U.S. Government
sponsors. However, such sharing shall not constitute a transfer of
ownership of the information and materials from You to the
U.S. Government. 

You agree that accessing and using this website and the Licensed
Materials does not constitute or imply endorsement by the
U.S. Government or MITRE of You, your work, products, research, or
organization. You agree to comply with all applicable laws, rules and
regulations, including but not limited to export control restrictions,
in Your use of the Licensed Materials. 

The Licensed Materials are protected as MITRE's copyrighted works.
MITRE IS PROVIDING THE LICENSED MATERIALS "AS IS" AND MAKES NO
WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, CAPABILITY,
EFFICIENCY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR
FUNCTIONING OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS.  In no event and under no legal
theory, unless required by applicable law, will MITRE be liable to You
for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this
Agreement or out of the use or inability to use the Licensed
Materials, even if You have been advised of the possibility of such
damages. 

You agree to indemnify and hold harmless MITRE, its Board of Trustees,
officers, agents, and employees, from any and all liability or damages
to third parties, including attorneys' fees, court costs, and other
related costs and expenses, arising out of Licensee's use of the
Licensed Materials irrespective of the cause of said liability.

====================================================================

NOTICE

This software/technical data was produced for the U. S. Government
under Contract Number 75FCMC18D0047, and is subject to Federal
Acquisition Regulation Clause 52.227-14, Rights in Data-General.  No
other use other than that granted to the U. S. Government, or to those
acting on behalf of the U. S. Government under that Clause is
authorized without the express written permission of The MITRE
Corporation.  For further information, please contact The MITRE
Corporation, Contracts Management Office, 7515 Colshire Drive, McLean
VA 22102-7539, (703) 983-6000.

(c) 2018 The MITRE Corporation.

====================================================================

The license above does not apply to the following third-party artifacts:

1. munkres
Located in distribution:
  lib/python/third_party/munkres-<version>
Source: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/munkres
